Relationship of payload and length (#4694)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

75300901100f088394c8f03e51570806 048000ffff
~~~

The unprotected header indicates a length of 1182 bytes: the 4-byte packet

> number, the 1162-byte payload, and the 16-byte authentication tag.  The header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number, 1162 bytes of frames, and the 16-byte authentication tag.  The header
```

Reviewer: Also, now this has a merge conflict thanks to #4695.  Use `git merge -s ours`.
